Create documentation to name the tables (#50)
thegraphnetwork/EpiGraphHub: Documentation/instruction_name_tables.md

## Database table naming rules

Before uploading a new dataset in the database and creating a new table, the following rules should be followed to name the table:

### All names:
1. Always in lower case; 
2. No space between the characters. Instead of using space, use `_` to separate composite names.

> 3. Column names should follow the above rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

As this specification is for all names, maybe you don't need to mention columns

Author: I think it's better to let this indication to ensure that the user will not forget it.

### Schema names:

> If the table it's single country data use the full ISO country name. This name for each country of the world can be found [here](https://gadm.org/maps.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the table is related to a single country data, use the full ISO country name. The name for each country can be found [here](https://gadm.org/maps.html).
```

Reviewer: it would be good to give some examples here (also using `_` instead of whitespace, and using lowercase for the entire name).

Reviewer 2: Agreed on giving some examples

If the data is on a global scale data use the schema: `global`.

### Table names:

Table names should follow this basic structure:

> `<locality>_<semantic single word name>_<0|D|W|M>_<optional suffix>`

Reviewer: I guess we should use the letter in lowercase 

```suggestion
`<locality>_<semantic single word name>_<0|d|w|m>_<optional suffix>`
```

Reviewer 2: I believe an example would be good in here. Good examples are always welcome.

> The symbols <> are just delimiters. On PostGIS tables representing maps, a `gis` prefix should be added. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The symbols `<>` are just delimiters for the placeholder, it means that one of the values inside should be used.

On PostGIS tables, when representing maps, a `gis` prefix should be added. 
```

`On PostGIS tables, when representing maps, a `gis` prefix should be added. ` it would be good to have an example for this case.

Reviewer 2: Agreed on the need of an example.

The `<locality>` will be filled if the data in the table belongs to a specific administrative region of the country. In this case, you should name the locality according to the nomenclature adopted in [GADM](https://gadm.org/maps.html). You can omit this term if the data refers to the entire region that named the schema, e.g., the whole country.

The `<semantic single word name>` means that the words chosen to represent the data frame must express the content of the table and not be a simple abbreviation of the content. 

> The `<0|D|W|M>` portion informs about the periodicity of the update. It should use D for daily, W for weekly, M for monthly, and 0 for static.

Reviewer: `<0|D|W|M>` probably, it should be in lowercase

Reviewer 2: Agreed with the lowercase to maintain consistency with what was defined above.

> The Optional suffixes are: meta for metadata tables and result for analysis results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<optional suffixes>` are: metadata tables and result for analysis results.
```
